How do you find a video editor? I don't
think there's a person on the planet who
is better suited to answer this
question. To keep their intro short, I
really do this [__] There's over 973
videos on YouTube about how to edit like
Devon J. 90% of my competitors are just
carbon copies of me and my style. You
can literally open up editing softwares
nowadays and choose captions that are
called the Devon captions. I mean, I can
go on. Even this [__] video looks
sexy, right? Well, I'm not just going to
sit here and continue to flex on you. In
this video, I'm going to teach you on
how to find your very own video editor,
but not just any video editor, because
finding a video editor is easy. There's
millions of mediocre to choose from. But
finding a good one, now that is
difficult. An editor who doesn't
misspell words, an editor who turns in
videos on time, and an editor that not
only knows how to edit in a way that
looks cool, but also increases the
likelihood that your video goes viral.
And to find this type of video editor,
you're not going to go out and waste
time actively searching for them. No.
With the systems that I'm going to hand
you in this video, you're going to
position yourself to be found and have
worldclass editors begging to work with
you. And I'm going to guide you on how
to make this happen in three simple but
powerful phases. Starting with phase
one, I'm going to help you build an
editor funnel. a hands-off funnel that
not only attracts world-class editors,
but also gets them raising their hand to
beg to work for you. Phase two, I'm
going to equip you with editor X-ray
vision, allowing you to be able to sort
through all of those raised hands and
know exactly which traits to look for
and know who's world class and who's
not. And then in phase three, we're
going to go over payment. I'm talking
about how to, how much, and what
incentives need to be put in place
around payment. And I'm warning you now
because you do not want to [__] this
part up. Because even if you find an
editor who is worldclass, if you don't
align their incentives, you'll end up
with late videos and you'll never get
the high quality unique style that you
want. And these are the three phases to
hiring a worldclass editor. Starting
with phase one, building an editor
funnel. Devin from the future here. Uh
long story short, this video is long as
[__] and I give a lot of value inside of
it. That said, I just want to set the
expectation that this is not going to be
an entertaining video. You shouldn't
expect that. But what you should expect
is to leave this video with a
step-by-step system for you to follow so
that you can go out and find a
world-class editor this week. Now, that
said, if you're in a situation where you
just want me to implement the
plug-and-play systems to source an a
player editor and then have me and my
team train that editor for you along
with everything else inside of Nexus,
then feel free to click on the first
link in the description to learn more.
And then for everyone else, lock in, get
your notes out, and let's work back to
starting with phase one, building an
editor funnel. All right, so to build a
hands-off editor funnel, you're going to
need two things. One, access to the best
job posting platforms that host top
editing talent. And two, a job posting
that's like honey to the hungriest bees.
And by honey, I mean you and your
position that you want to fill. And by
hungriest of bees, I mean world-class
video editors. So, let's start with the
job posting platforms. Now, of course,
you have the obvious freelance sites
like Fiverr and Upwork, but those are
just kind of like a race to the bottom
nowadays. Whenever it comes to job
posting platforms, there's like 10 out
there that will actually get you some
decent applications, and I'll give you
four today ranked from worst to best.
So, uh at the bottom here, we'll start
off with online jobs.ph, and we'll give
it a C tier. Right now, online jobs.ph
PH is $69 a month and it will 100% get
you a [__] ton of applications if you
post a job there. That said, a lot of
the applications will be [__] There's a
lot of overseas talent in the
Philippines. However, finding talent,
specifically finding editors, is
typically like looking for a fourleaf
clover in a in a schoolyard field. You
know that they're out there, but you
don't know if you're going to find one.
But sometimes it's worth the look. Now,
if we go one step above to Btier, you
have remote.co. Now, this one is a
little steep. It's $300 per jobhosting,
which isn't cheap, but it will also get
you a decent amount of applications.
Maybe not as much as online jobs.ph, but
they would definitely be higher quality
applications, which is why I put it at B
tier. Now, for A tier, we have Behance.
Weirdly enough, this one works for us
quite well, and it actually cost $0 to
post a job. And that said, it does not
get you nearly the amount or the
quantity of applications as the other
two that we just mentioned, but it does
100% give you higher quality
applications than the other two, which
is why it's an A tier. However, if you
want the best of both worlds for quality
and quantity, then you have S tier,
which is YouTube jobs.co, aka yt
jobs.co. Now, for this one, it sits
around $300 to $500 per job posting,
depending on what type of options that
you select when posting the job. Now,
this one is the best of both worlds.
Like I said, it gets you a good amount
of applications and the quality of
applications are some of the highest
that we've ever gotten from job boards.
All right, so like I said, once you have
a job board picked out of one of the
four, uh, then you actually need to post
a job to that job board. So, here's a
little template for you to follow. This
is going to be a general overview of the
structure to use. I couldn't give you
guys what we give people in Nexus
because I want to respect the members
inside of Nexus and make sure that the
qual basically that there's not a
thousand people using their [__] uh
template. So, this is a general
structure. It's an amazing structure to
follow. And I'm just going to go over
the structure as a bird's eye view. That
way you can look at it and then kind of
model your job posting off. That way you
attract the best possible talent to your
opportunity. So, first things first,
what you do is you start off with about
us. Now, for the beginning of the job
posting, just make an elevator pitch
about your company stating a clear
authority statement and what role you're
looking for. In this case, video
editors. Then, directly under that, you
create another section which is what we
are looking for. And in this is going to
be a quick summary of exactly what role
you're hiring for and what they will do
inside of your company. So, for the
benefits of joining a section, just list
off the benefits that someone receives
whenever they come work within your
company, selling them on why they should
even want to work within your company.
Now, uh, in this just mention the cool
things that you guys have. For example,
for us, we do some sort of 12week
company trip every single 12 weeks. Uh,
we do, uh, I give quarterly bonuses to
people. Whenever it comes to salary for
editors, we don't have like a set
salary. We have an opportunity to make a
certain amount of cash collected for the
entire company and just like overall
benefits on why a top tier individual
would want to actually look into your
job. And then below that, once they're
sold and just like slobbery at the mouth
to come and edit for you, then you go
over the qualifications that they need
to have and what qualities that you're
looking for. Now, in phase two, whenever
we go over the x-ray vision on how to
know what to look for, we'll go over
what the qualities and qualifications
you need to actually look for. So, we'll
get to that in a couple of minutes.
Then, under that, you just go over
responsibilities. Just state their role
as a video editor and what that will
include within your company. What does
their day-to-day look like and what are
their key responsibilities look like as
your video editor? And then also, what
are the expectations within their time
working for you? Just make everything
extremely clear. Hey, you're going to
edit this, this, and this. Uh, here are
all the things that you're going to do
as a video editor within the company.
And then here is some secret sauce. Not
really secret sauce, but it is something
that we use in all of our internal job
postings. So, what you want to do is you
want to frame positives under you should
not apply it. You want to frame things
that would be seen as positives by the
undesired crowd and then but also seen
as negatives by the desired crowd. So
for example, you seek a traditional 9
to5. Here it's more like a 9 to9. That's
actually something that we put in a lot
of our job postings within my company
Nexus. Or another one is you prefer a
normal stress-free comfortable
lifestyle.
That would be a positive to the
undesired crowd. We don't want people
that want to be comfortable. We want
people to be that want to be
uncomfortable and want to learn and grow
and all that good jazz. So we basically
point out, hey, all the [__] that people
typically want that people typically
look at as desires. If these are your
desires, don't apply. However, the
people that we do want, they want to we
want them to look at this and say you
should not apply it if and go [__]
I don't want any of these things. So I'm
good. And that just kind of creates a
little bit of a qualification process in
itself of what type of individual you
looking for in your culture. And then
directly under that you want to put you
should apply if which basically you go
over the positives to the desired crowd.
They will be look that is um negatives
to the undesired crowd. So for example
here uh what we say is you're committed
to continuous improvement not only in
editing but to your fitness, mindsets,
relationships and just overall
improvement in your life. within my
company, most people are fit. And that's
just kind of the expectation. And for
some people that look at that and go,
"Oh, well, I don't think that my fitness
matters. I think it just depends on my
performance on the job itself." Those
are people that we just don't want to
work with. And that's fine. But the
people that see that fitness is like a
big part of my uh part of our company at
Nexus, then that should be a positive to
the desired person that we're looking
for, which is a person who cares about
their fitness. And then another example
would be you value constructive
criticism, feedback, and collaboration
from and with other world class editors
on your team. Not everyone wants
criticism. Only people that want to
improve want criticism. And those are
the people that we're looking for. So
now we're just calling out to exactly
what person that we're looking for and
who's going to fit our culture well. And
then after they've gotten through all of
this, they know what you're about. They
know exactly what you're looking for.
They know why they should join you. They
know what qualifications that they need
to have that they must align with. They
know exactly what they'll be doing on a
day-to-day as a video editor working
with you. And they know that they are
culture fit at this point. Then you just
direct them to next steps, which is
simply to an application form, which
we're about to get to in phase two.
However, before we get there, I do want
to go and make a quick little
disclaimer. One thing you have to keep
in mind is that this is going to get you
a lot of applications. Like this job
posting and the job board is going to
get you a lot of applications. And
following what I just gave you is going
to get you the highest quality and the
highest quantity of applications, but
the nature of just overall job postings
in general is still the same. You're
going to have to look for the diamond in
the rough because typically the best
talent isn't in between jobs. The best
talent typically has jobs lined up at
all times. To give an example, we
interview over 80 video editors a week
at my company next to us. And a lot of
times editors will be good that we
interview, but we just might not be
hiring at that time or maybe they're
just not a good culture fit. And in that
scenario, they won't be in between jobs.
I'll just place them with a business
owner inside of my program at Nexus.
That said, with the nature of job
postings and looking for the diamond in
the rough, you need editor x-ray vision
to be able to sort through all of these
raised hands and quickly know exactly
which traits you need to look for that
signal someone being a worldclass
editor, which brings me to phase two,
x-ray vision. So, whenever you sift
through all of your applications from
these job postings, you're going to be
putting them through this process. First
is the application form, then it's the
interview, and then it is the trial
edit. So, starting with the application
form, this will allow you to quickly
sift through and find the diamonds in
the rough. And then in the interview,
this is going to be where you test to
see if they're a good culture fit for
your company. And then in the trial
edit, that is where you're going to test
their skills. And you make them go
through these hurdles in that exact
order, starting with the application
form. All right. All right. Now, when it
comes to the Google form, instead of me
just itemizing what you need in your
Google form or walking you through ours,
I will put a link to the description
below. I think it might be like the
fourth link, it'll be Google form and
then from there, you can just copy our
[__] Google form. That said, if you
want to look at it, you can. However,
the main things you want to have in a
form that you want to look at that's
going to be decision makers on knowing
if you want to hire the person or not is
going to be these six things. Number one
is always going to be their portfolio.
If they do, do they suck dick? Are they
actually pretty decent? If they're
pretty decent, awesome. you continue
with the form. If they [__] suck,
cool, you trash it. Seconds is going to
be how much they are wanting to be paid,
whether it's per video or on a monthly
basis. Uh it just depends on if you hire
someone full-time or freelance, which we
get into what you should do in phase
three. But for now, uh just basically
what are you willing to pay and if it is
10K a month that they say that they
want, I would say I would imagine you
probably not willing to pay an editor
10K a month. So just automatically
disqualify them. Number three is going
to be for us. We need someone that can
conversate on an actual call with us.
So, they need to speak somewhat decent
English. So, that is a decision maker
for us as well. And I think it would be
a decision maker for you. Uh, number
four is just going to be their current
work status. Now, this doesn't
necessarily matter if you're hiring a
freelancer, but if you're hiring someone
that's full-time, you want to know that
they can put all of their attention on
you. They don't have other clients or
they're not in college or anything of
the such. Number five, again kind of
more so matters on if they work
full-time for you or not, but how many
hours can they work in a day or how many
hours do they want to work in a day? If
they're freelance, I don't really care
what they put. If they are working with
you and like for you full-time, then if
they put 0 to 3 hours, then we have a
[__] problem. And then number six is
just going to be editing softwares.
Whenever it comes down to editing
softwares, you typically look for one of
two softwares, Adobe Premiere Pro and
Adobe After Effects. And this is going
to be the the preferred softwares for
majority of the world-class editors. Any
other software typically just means that
either a they don't have a computer. So
for example, if they edit on a cap cut,
that's typically a sign that they don't
have a computer, which is not a good
sign. And then also b um if they truly
wanted to be world class and they truly
wanted to be one of the best editors in
the world, then they would choose a
software that would give them the
highest ceiling on what they can
actually create. And that software is
going to be, to my knowledge, After
Effects, Adobe After Effects. So,
whenever it comes to um editing
softwares that you're looking for,
you're typically looking for After
Effects. However, Premiere Pro will
suffice as long as you're okay with it
being a tier and not S tier. And those
are going to be the six main questions.
And then the rest of the form and the
questions on the form, it's just going
to be optional context. So, look for
those six things. And then go through
the application. And if you like it,
then go ahead and message them a link to
your calendar for them to book an
interview. Now, this is important
because the biggest reason that most
business owners can't get good editors
is because they don't treat them like
good editors. 98% of you are not in a
spot where a great editor needs you more
than you need them. So, when they
complete the Google form or their
application, don't be a [__] that
sends them a over a trial edit and
expects them to do 8 hours of free work.
a talk to your editor. The editor that
you want will either ghost you or say,
"Pay me." Which if you want to pay them
a hundred bucks uh for them to do the
trial edits for you. That way you can
skip the interview, it's not the worst
idea. But if you're not ready to pay for
them to do a trial edit, then take them
through an interview first and see if
they're actually a good culture fit
before asking them to do free work. And
then on this interview, you need to look
for a couple of things. So I'm going to
walk you through exactly what to look
for live. All right. All right, so for a
decent amount of time, this is actually
kind of the interview structure that we
used internally inside the company here
at Nexus. So at the start, we just go
over core qualifications. Now, whenever
it comes to core qualifications, the
form should have taken a majority of
this. Basically, I only put this here in
case some of their form responses might
be unclear and you just want to go ahead
and double check or yeah, just become
more clear on what their actual answer
is. So, for example, if you ask, "How
good are you at English?" and it's going
to be open-ended question and they say
kind of, then you might want to ask a
further question to see, well, what does
kind of mean? Can you speak to me? But
if they're on the [__] call, I guess
you'd figure that out pretty quick.
Anyways, just any kind of answer on the
form that is unclear that you're looking
for for to qualify them. Go and ask that
at the beginning. Then I go over culture
fit. Uh, for here at Nexus, I just I
just write down some bullet points. Do
they go gym? Are they a young kid who
wants the world x y and z? If they're a
culture fit, then feel free to go and
keep the call going. If they aren't a
culture fit or if they're aren't a great
fit based on what you're looking for,
obviously just, hey man, not going to
work out and keep it moving. And then
once you are aware that they are culture
fit, then you just give them a quick
little sales pitch. And this is
typically the pitch that we follow.
First going over what your company does,
then go over what role you're looking to
fill video editor. And then what does
that role do inside of your company? And
then sell them on your company culture.
What is the vision for the company? And
you also have to sell them on that. And
also how can they fit their vision
inside of your vision? And then what
kind of growth does that role have as
joining a joining as a video editor
inside of your company? Again, this is
more so presuming that they're going to
be full-time. However, for a freelancer,
I'd still kind of make it clear on their
responsibilities and pitching them on
working with you. And then what are the
benefits of joining your company or
working with you as a freelancer? After
you've gone through the SOS pitch, go
and open up for any questions. And then
as long as they are aligned with you and
your mission and overall you're on the
call with them, they're a good culture
fit and they seem to be aligned with
your mission or you think they're
aligned with your mission, then go ahead
and send them a char audit. So if you're
not 100% sold on them, then you just
moved them over to the char audit.
However, there's some cases to where I'm
on a call with the guy, I'm just like,
"This guy's [__] good, and I know
he's [__] good." So if you were just
like 100% sold on this guy, uh, then go
ahead. I'd recommend just skip the child
edits, especially if they're that good.
and just extend your job offer. Extend
to go ahead and hire them as a
freelancer from there. And that's the
editor interview structure. Doesn't have
to be more complicated than this. Just
literally, hey, is everything on the
form align with what we're looking for
in the qualifications that I just
mentioned? The six. After that, are they
a good culture fit? As long as you've
asked them a couple questions, you
think, hey, okay, I actually want to
work with this guy. Cool. Then you move
on to the sales pitch on why they should
want to work with you. And then directly
after that, open up for questions. Make
sure they don't have any uncertainties
on what they're getting themselves into.
and then go ahead and move them into a
trial edit or hire them right then on
the spot. So if you move them into a
trial edit, you do have to create the
tri edit and then you end it off with
either a trial edit or you just hire
them right then on the spot. Now if you
end up do sending them a trial audit,
then directly after the interview, you
want to send them a trial video. Now
what a trial video is is it's basically
like a mini VSSL is the way you want to
make it and the way you want to look at
it for an on for why an editor should
foam at the mouth to work with you. This
video doesn't have to be longer than 30
seconds. Actually, should be no longer
than 30 seconds. Uh, to give you an
example, here is uh our trial edit that
we send editors out to. My name is Deon
Jatho, and today I welcome you to Nexus.
Nexus is a multi-figure content company
that makes millionaires famous on social
media. Now, currently, we are on the
hunt for some full-time video editors to
come high-quality content for my own
social media. And we are looking for the
best video editor to come join us in our
mission. and I am more than willing to
pay the best to get who I'm looking for.
And on top of us being willing to pay
the best, in my opinion, pretty [__]
sick to work with us. For starters, we
go on sick trips with the editing team
at least four times out of the year.
Last time we went to Dubai. So, for
example, here is an editor in the
[__] sky. Here is an editor in a
Lambo. And here is me looking sexy on a
[__] couch. And on top of the editor
vacations, I mean, we give quarter
bonuses. Um, you're going to be working
with the best media team in the world
and blah blah blah. Now with all this
said, one thing that I will say is that
if you've ever spoken with anyone who
has worked within Nexus, then you know
that we have the highest standard within
everything that we do, especially within
our video editing. So if you're looking
to grow not only as just like a video
editor, but then also it's just like a
person and you want to be on other
people that are like that and then as
well as join a team of people like that,
then the Nexus Media team is for you. We
truly are the best and we lead the
content industry and with that, we're
only looking for the best. We own the
finish line and hopefully this child
edits exceeds that line. Cool. Oh, so
now that you have an example for
yourself and once you have recorded your
own trial video, then go and put it into
a Google Drive and then create a notion
page to throw the link to the trial
video into. And from here on out, you're
going to send each editor after the
interview this notion page. And inside
of this notion page, you're going to
need three things. One, you need to go
and put the instructions on what you
want the editor to do. So, whenever the
editor opens the notion page, what the
[__] did they do? Two, go and give them
inspiration on what kind of editing that
you like. That way they at least have
some direction to go off of. And then
three, then go and give them the
download link to your trial video. Then
at the top, just going to put a quick
little loom basically walking the
editors through what to do with this
page. I'll go ahead and show you mine as
an example. That way you're not lost.
All right, here is our old video editor
trial page. So at the top, like I said,
you can see that there's a nice little
video walking the editors through how to
navigate this page. As you can see, it's
not me making the video. It is our
creative director, Mr. Devid uh that
study just walks them through how to
navigate the page and then we go over
the instructions inside of our trial
edits. We kind of wanted to motivate
them. So, we wanted to show them exactly
what they're working towards. So, inside
of Nexus, a training video editor gets
paid 2K a month. An Apex editor gets
paid anywhere from 3 to 5K a month. And
then a leader editor inside the company
makes anywhere between 5 and 10K a
month. You want them to see that to know
what they're getting themselves into.
Now, below this, we go a little bit
above and beyond. Obviously, this is not
something that you guys are going to do.
how we like to give them editing tips to
follow. That way they have the best
chance of making a good trial. And then
of course we go over the inspiration uh
just basically walking them through what
our style looks like and what we
actually enjoy whenever it comes to
editing. And then we go over the
instructions along with how to download
the footage. Then here they go ahead and
click on this little Google Drive. They
download that bad boy and then they
begin working on the trial. And then we
tell them, hey, once you're ready to
submit, go ahead and submit it to the
trial delivery form, which is basically
just a type form on notion. No,
actually, no. This is a this is a notion
form, but you don't have to do this. You
can just have them send you the link on
Instagram, for example. Uh just have
them send it to you some way. However,
if you want to keep it organized, you
can also create a form like us to where
that all the people that go through the
trial upload it to one individual form.
And that is what our video editor trial
page looks like. So once you build this
page for yourself, every single video
editor that you interview and that
you're aligned with, you send them this
page. And then once you send it over,
then wait 24 hours. If they get the
trial video back to you on time, then
open it up and then make a decision. If
you don't like the trial or if it's a
second late, then just move on to the
next. However, if you do like it, then
feel free to go ahead and hop on a final
call to make a job offer. But if you do
like it, you can't just give any type of
job offer. Your job offer needs to have
aligned incentives. And if it doesn't,
then all of this work is for nothing.
Which brings me to phase three, how to
pay them. So, how you pay the video
editor primarily depends on if they're
working for you full-time or if they're
freelancing and you're just another
client. Just in case you don't know the
difference in between full-time and
freelance. Freelance basically means
that you pay the editor per video that
they create. And full-time means that
you pay a monthly salary. And there are
pros and cons to each. So let's start
with freelance. Now for the whenever you
hire a freelancer, there's a couple of
pros. Number one is going to be that
you're operating on a pay pervide video
basis, which means that you are getting
what you pay for. Uh there's not going
to be a case where you're paying some
sort of monthly salary and sometimes you
get 18 videos out of the editor. Other
times you might get 24 videos. There's
no variance whenever it comes to the
capital that you're spending. You spend
certain amount and you get a certain
amount of videos, which is awesome.
Second is just going to be flexibility.
you have a lot more flexibility whenever
it comes to having a freelancer. You
don't feel responsible to keep them on
the team or keep giving them work. If at
some points you have more work to give,
you can say, "Hey, bro, can you take
more can you take more projects?" Or you
just go to a different freelancer. You
kind of have that flexibility of being
able to say, "I control the amount of
work and I can just split it across
multiple individuals in the marketplace
without having to hire someone or hire
multiple people for this season in
business." Third is is just going to be
less stress. Again, these people aren't
actually on the team, so you're not
necessarily responsible for them. On top
of that, um you don't have the stress of
a certain amount of money coming out of
your bank account every month, no matter
what happens. Again, it's pay-per-video
basis. You get what you pay for. And
then also number four, which is going to
be just less management. If someone's a
freelancer, you don't have to make them
do end of day reports and [__] like
that. overall they're going to be much
more um much more autonomous if you will
uh cuz they are freelancers and that's
the nature of their job. Now for cons
for hiring freelancers there are a
couple. Number one is going to be that
incentives aren't aligned. His incentive
is or don't want to assume anything. The
editor's incentive is that they want to
get the project done as fast as humanly
[__] possible so that they can work
on other clients videos so they can make
more money and then get more clients and
they make even more money. So, their
incentive is to get your video done as
fast as possible, not necessarily uh to
the highest quality of possible. The
second con is going to be you're just
going to have limited revisions. I mean,
if you sit there and you make a
freelancer go through 20 versions of a
video, they're not going to rehire you
on as a client. Um, so you truly you do
kind of have a cap whether that's spoken
or unspoken on how many revisions you
can give. So if you have a standard,
there's no forcing that person to meet
that set standard or the expectation
that that person has to meet that
standard with the amounts of efficiency
you want to give. The third con is that
you're most likely on a list of other
clients. And there's no guarantee that
you're on top or on the top of the
priority of that list. So if uh there is
another client that comes in that pays
them more that is that has more
followers than you and all that other
good jazz, they're going to get the best
out of that freelancer. So that's just
something to keep in mind. And then call
number four is just going to be higher
turnover. There's a lot more reasons on
why you stopped working with a
freelancer than if you had that person
full-time. For example, like I said,
maybe you're not at the top of the
priority list and maybe you get kicked
off that list because there's another
client that's willing to pay more than
you and then you just got to suck it up.
Um there's a lot of times whenever it
comes down to a freelancer wanting to
raise their price, a freelancer, there's
just a lot more things that can go wrong
with a freelancer because they're not as
dependent on you for their income. So
the turnover rates are typically higher
whenever you hire higher whenever you
hire a freelancer. And there's going to
be the pros and cons list for
freelancers. Now whenever it comes to
full-time, again there's pros and cons
there as well. So the pros for full-time
is that typically the work is cheaper as
long as you manage them well. As long as
you manage them well, typically you can
get the work cheaper than if you did it
paid per video. Uh whenever it comes
down to the amount of videos at the
quality that you're looking for. Second
is that you get unlimited revisions. If
they're working with you full-time, uh
they'll do unlimited revisions because
that's what you're paying them for.
You're paying them for them to perfect
the projects that they're working with
you on. Number three, the third pro is
going to be that they only work with
you, which means they spend all of their
time curating their editing to what you
like. And then the fourth pro is going
to get is easier to align incentives. No
matter what you do with the freelancer,
the freelancer's incentive is always
going to be get the videos done as fast
as possible so they can work on more
videos for more clients. For someone
that's working full-time, it's a lot
easier to align incentives to be more
favor more favorable not only to
yourself, but also to the editor, which
we'll get to in a second. Then number
five is just going to be typically have
less turnover. If someone uh joins your
full-time team, typically they're
joining it in mind of joining for the
long haul, not to necessarily let's see
how many clients I can juggle to get the
most amount of money and then whenever I
have too many clients, then I'll just
remove a client and then try to get
another client that pays me more.
Typically, you have less of that and you
have less turnover. However, there are
cons whenever it comes down to hiring a
full-time editor. The first con is that
if you don't end up managing them well,
which is a double-edged sword, you end
up paying for more work. So if you pay
them 2K a month and you don't manage
them well and the expectation was 20
videos and you only got 10 videos back
obviously just pay double per video for
that month. So you have to manage them
well which can be a con. Number two is
going to be they need more management
which is also a con. You need to be more
on them about uh scorecards and their
day reports. You're going to have to
have company meetings with them. They
need to fit the culture. Just a bunch of
other things that you have to manage
that you wouldn't necessarily have to
manage if you had a freelancer. And then
number three is just going to be that
you have a monthly expense. As in no
matter what on the first of this [__]
month, two to $5,000 most likely is just
going to leave your account, which it's
worth it for some, others it might not
be and others might not be in a
financial situation to do that. Uh so if
you don't want that over your head and
like thinking ah [__] out of this
monthly expense and you're not very good
whenever it comes or maybe you just
don't haven't acquired the skill of
managing money very well then obviously
that can become a problem and a con. Now
with that said those are going to be the
pros and cons of both. One is not
necessarily inherently better than the
other. They just serve two different
purposes for different times in people's
business careers. Now personally
everyone on my team is going to be
full-time but that's a decision that
you're going to have to make for
yourself.
That said, no matter whichever route you
pick, you always optimize for a single
metric whenever it comes to editors. And
that metric is paid per approved video.
Now, an approved video means that
they've gone through all the revisions
and you say yes, it looks good. Not paid
per video to where they sent you a video
and then you're obligated to pay for it
whether you like it or not. So then the
question after that once we understand
that's the metric that we're optimizing
for. Well the next question is well how
do I pay them for this metric? And again
it depends on the type of quality that
you're looking for and realistically
what you can afford. So for a freelance
editor uh I can make it really simple
for you. If you're looking for a C tier
quality which you see on screen right
now it's going to be $30 a video. If
you're looking for Btier quality it's
going to be $50 a video. For A tier
quality it's going to be $100 a video.
Then S tier quality, it can really go
from 150 plus. For context, if you look
at uh how much I pay my editors on a per
video basis, I pay them around $500 per
video. So, take that information as you
will. And it's that simple whenever it
comes down to a freelance editor. Now,
for a full-time editor, there's a little
bit of nuance that if you that you have
to apply if you want to both of your
symptoms to be aligned. But first, let's
go and look at what monthly salaries
look like depending on an editor's
quality. So, for a Ctier editor, you're
looking at about $1,000 a month. For a
Btier editor, you're looking at about
$1,500 a month. For an A tier editor,
you're looking at around $2 to $3,000 a
month. And then for an S tier editor,
you're looking for basically you're
sitting between that three and 5K a
month mark. Now, here's where the nuance
comes in because you don't want to just
give them this base salary every month,
no matter what happens. You want to make
sure that they're incentivized with the
golden metric, number of approved
videos. And there's about 20 different
ways you can incentivize them with this
metric. However, one of the simpler ways
is by setting up what is called a tiered
incentivebased comp. Meaning that they
don't just get their salary for
existing. It must be earned. But if you
introduce a downside of underperforming,
as in their salary must be earned every
single month. You also have to introduce
the upside of overperforming. So here's
exactly what that looks like. Some 50%
of the editor's monthly comp is what
they get for existing. As long as
they're on this earth and breathing and
alive and working for your company, they
get 50% of their monthly salary. Now,
25% is going to be earned once baseline
performances hit. And then another 25%
is going to be earned once standard
performance is hit. And then an extra
25% is going to be earned once they hit
over their expected target. So to break
this down, let's say you're looking on
getting an A-level editor at, let's call
it $2,000 a month. 50% of their comp is
a monthly salary. So, you just pay them
$1,000 a month for being a part of the
company, but the rest of their comp is
based on their performance. So, 25% comp
they get for baseline performance,
meaning they do the bare [__] minimum
that you're okay with before you fire
them. And this unlocks the $1,500 a
month mark. And then another 25% for
standard performance, meaning that they
are performing well and they're doing as
expected. And this unlocks their full
comp of $2,000 a month. and then an
extra 25% comp for overperforming,
meaning that they're going above and
beyond what is expected of them. And
this gives them an extra $500 a month,
which evens out to $2,500 a month. So,
to give you a real world example on what
it looks like whenever it comes to the
amount of videos, let's say you're
paying 2K a month. Uh, so 1K a month is
their monthly salary, and then their
baseline performance is 20 videos
approved, and that unlocks 25% of the
comp. So, they make $1,500 for that
month. Now, performing is going to be
the rest of their comp, which is going
to be 24 videos approved, which is going
to unlock their full comp at 2K a month.
And then overperforming, you could put
it at 28 videos approved. That's an
extra 25% of their comp, putting their
monthly salary at $2,500. Now, this can
obviously get a little bit complex cuz
it involves math. So, if you want a
calculator, go ahead and look at the
third link in the description. Uh, if
you click on that, it will take you to a
calculator. I'm not going to ask for an
email or anything like that. You can
just [__] open it and use it. And
then obviously we get to show some
growth potential, but then Central
Structure is a great starting point. The
editors will still get a sense of
security and a potential upside. And you
get protected from having to pay for
half-finished work. Next thing you know,
bada bing, bada boom, bada bam, you now
have an a player editor on your team
ready to hit the ground running. You now
have the easy part done. The harder part
is onboarding them, managing them, and
making sure that they're continuously
improving so your content doesn't fall
behind. Now, if you want me to give you
the simple blueprints to do all that
with ease and even have my creative
director train your editor week over
week, then that's just one of the things
that we offer inside of Nexus. So, if
you think that you'd be interested, feel
free to go and click on the first link
in the description to learn